[Header] Add hidden live region to announce when the page title changes. (#10958)
Shopify/polaris: .changeset/strong-moose-remain.md

---
'@shopify/polaris': minor
---

> Updated the Header within the Page component to include a live region for screen readers to announce the page title

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added a live region to the `Page` `Header` to announce the `title` after navigation changes
```
